{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24380\viewh15580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Machine Learning Project: 
\fs36 \
Predicting Claim Severity for Allstate Insurance\
(An ongoing Kaggle Competition for recruitment)\
\

\fs24 The dataset allstate_train.csv  should be used for the purposes of model building and validation. The purpose of this project is to predict the continuous variable \'91loss\'92 which quantifies the severity of a claim to the insurance company. The information in this dataset has been completely stripped of its business context and simply contains both categorical and continuous attributes without any variable descriptions or hints. There are 116 categorical variables (named cat1-cat116) and 14 continuous attributes (named cont1-cont14).\
\
The end product of this project comes in three parts:\
1) A submission of predictions for the test dataset (which contains all the input variables but no target).  A sample of the required format of the submission is available with the data. It should be a .csv file with two columns: ID and loss. The ID column should match-up with the ID column in the test data and the loss column should contain your prediction for those IDs.\
2) A BRIEF analytical write-up that describes your modeling process (include descriptions of successes and also include descriptions of failures as long as those failures had some potential or provided a valuable learning experience).\
3) A file containing your code.\
\
This project is wide-open to any approach or methodology that you\'92d like to experiment with. It is likely that attention to data-exploration, model ensembles, and a creative trial-and-error mindset will be the key to success in this project. \
\
You are welcome (and encouraged) to visit the Kaggle Forum as long as you keep the experience educational. There is a lot of code openly available to help you with this problem, I encourage you not just to steal it but to become familiar with how and why it works. HOWEVER: You should 
\i\b NOT 
\i0\b0  download the data from Kaggle and participate in the competition while this assignment is open. You can submit your work AFTER the project is due. The reason is that the test data for this project is a small subset of the original training data, so the answers could technically be recovered from the Kaggle dataset. Training using the test data is cheating and strictly forbidden for the IAA competition! Please respect that one rule.\
\
\
\
\
}